### Second task set

1. I emailed the link to my GitHub pages to the professor.
2. I wrote a function which computes and returns the absolute error between two floating point numbers. [See my software manual entry](../software_manual/absoluteError.md)
3. I wrote a function which computes and returns the relative error between two floating point numbers. [See my software manual entry](../software_manual/relativeError.md)
4. I wrote a function that adds two vectors of the same length. My function can accepts both Vector and DenseArray instances in order to support elementwise addition of matrices as well. [See my software manual entry](../software_manual/add.md)
5. I wrote a function that returns a scalar multiple of a Vector or DenseArray. I overloaded this method so that it also supports accepting two Array objects in order to return the result of an elementwise multiplication. [See my software manual entry](../software_manual/multiply.md)
6. I wrote a function that computes the 2-norm of an arbitrary vector with real entries. [See my software manual entry](../software_manual/l2Norm.md)
7. I wrote a function that computes the 1-norm of an arbitrary vector with real entries. [See my software manual entry](../software_manual/l1Norm.md)
8. I wrote a function that computes the infinity-norm of an arbitrary vector with real entries. [See my software manual entry](../software_manual/infNorm.md)
9. I wrote a method that generates a symmetric matrix with random real values. [See my software manual entry](../software_manual/makeRandomSymmetric.md)
10. * The matrix norm of the difference between a matrix and its approximation gives us a measure for the magnitude of the error in the approximation. Following the Euclidean vector maginitude/norm analogy, we can also think of this error as the distance between two matrices. I read the description of induced norms at the website [http://fourier.eng.hmc.edu/e161/lectures/algebra/node12.html](http://fourier.eng.hmc.edu/e161/lectures/algebra/node12.html). As I read about the matrix 2-norm, I was able to gain a better intuition as to why this norm would be a good measure of the norm or "magnitude" of a matrix.

    * As this website explains, the 2-norm of a matrix ***A***, is the square root of the spectral radius of ***AA***. The dominant eigenvalue of a matrix effectively measures the cumulative effect of a matrix with a scalar; therefore, it makes sense that the dominant eigenvalue of a matrix could be used as a good measurement of magnitude. Of course, what I just said is not entirely accurate; we know that a matrix norm must be greater than or equal to zero, therefore it makes sense to use the spectral radius of a matrix, which is the absolute value of the matrix's dominant eigenvalue.

    * Why then, is the square root of the spectral radius of ***AA*** used as a norm and not rather than simply the spectral radius of ***A***? For one thing, the non-square matrices have no eigenvalues. Additionally, as mentioned in a forum I found, there are non-zero matrices which have a zero spectral radius. Here is the link to the forum: [https://math.stackexchange.com/questions/1944534/why-is-the-spectral-radius-of-a-matrix-not-a-norm](https://math.stackexchange.com/questions/1944534/why-is-the-spectral-radius-of-a-matrix-not-a-norm)
